---
layout: post
title: Christ
published: true
date: 2013-03-18 23:29:40 -0500
---

# Who is He?

> When Jesus came to the region of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples,  “Who do
> people say the Son of Man is?”    They replied, “Some say John the Baptist; others say
> Elijah; and still others, Jeremiah or one of the prophets.”    “But what about you?”  he
> asked.  “Who do you say I am?”    Simon Peter answered, “You are the Messiah, the Son of
> the living God.”    Jesus replied,  “Blessed are you, Simon son of Jonah, for this was
> not revealed to you by flesh and blood, but by my Father in heaven.
>> [Matthew 16:13-17](http://bible.us/111/mat.16.13-17.niv)

# Why is this Important?

> At one time we too were foolish, disobedient, deceived and enslaved by all kinds of
> passions and pleasures. We lived in malice and envy, being hated and hating one another.
> But when the kindness and love of God our Savior appeared,  he saved us, not because of
> righteous things we had done, but because of his mercy. He saved us through the washing
> of rebirth and renewal by the Holy Spirit,  whom he poured out on us generously through
> Jesus Christ our Savior,  so that, having been justified by his grace, we might become
> heirs having the hope of eternal life.  This is a trustworthy saying. And I want you to
> stress these things, so that those who have trusted in God may be careful to devote
> themselves to doing what is good. These things are excellent and profitable for
> everyone.
>> [Titus 3:3-8](http://bible.us/111/tit.3.3-8.niv)

# Why should I follow Him?

> Jesus answered,  “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father
> except through me.    If you really know me, you will know  my Father as well.
>> [John 14:6-7a](http://bible.us/111/jhn.14.6-7.niv)

> For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in
> him shall not perish but have eternal life.  For God did not send his Son into the world
> to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.  Whoever believes in him is not
> condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not
> believed in the name of God’s one and only Son.  This is the verdict: Light has come
> into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were
> evil.  Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear
> that their deeds will be exposed.  But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light,
> so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of
> God.
>> [John 3:16-21](http://bible.us/111/jhn.3.16-21.niv)

> What benefit did you reap at that time from the things you are now ashamed of? Those
> things result in death!  But now that you have been set free from sin and have become
> slaves of God, the benefit you reap leads to holiness, and the result is eternal life.
> For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in  Christ Jesus our
> Lord.
>> [Romans 6:21-23](http://bible.us/111/rom.6.21-23.niv)

>
